                                                         Day 67Task
                                        JSX Advantages and Disadvantages of React.js
1.What are the advantages of react.js?

    ~short Learning Curve:React offers a lower leranung curve,all you need to know is javaScipt and
    HTML.

    ~Building Rich UI:it allows you to develop engaging and superior quality interfaces with its declarative 
     components feature.

   ~Create Custom Components:JSX allows creating unique components to suit your requirements
   and renders sub-components with ease.

   ~Boosts Productivity:it enables developers to redistribute the same objects with the help of
   components reusing feature.

   ~Quick Rendering:With virtual Dom,any change made in the app can be tested to check the risk
   level before finalizing it.

   ~SEO-Friendly:it is having fast load time and rendering which plays imporatant for higher ranking
   in serp.

   ~Useful Developer Toolset: Companies like Facebook have included several developer tools for
   React framework to help develpers immensely in discovering parent and child components,
   observing their hierarchies,and analyze their present state,etc.

   ~Code stability:The data flow in React certifies that the parent structure is not impacted by any
   kind of changes made in the child structure.

  ~Community Support:React developers are actively uploading text/video tutorials online and 
  answer queries on various forums and QA sites. 


  2. What are the disadvantages of react.js?

     1.Adequate Documentation:Despite having the largest community of reacting developers,there 
     is a need for proper documentation.

     2.Develop UI Only:it is not possible to develop the complete application by using react.js only.

     3.High pace: it can build application very fast,which can put a lot of pressure on the developer.

     4.Migarating Data. Apps future must be certain because it's very difficult and time-consuming to
    migrate from react.

  3.What is jsx?

    .JSX stands for javaScript XML, which lets you write the HTML code within java script.

    .it is type-safe as most of the errors can be caught during compilation.

    .it uses the render function to return a single HTML element at a time.

    .React components are typically written using JSX,although they do not have to be
   (components may also be written in pure JavaScript).

  4.Why do we use React.js?

   1. Develop components for high-performing and high-volume applications.

   2.Create SEO- frindly applications.

   3.User-friendly and responsive single-page and quick-loading application.

   4.Components can be reused and created as per requirements.

    5.Enchances the productivity of developers. 
